Update meeting-settings-in-teams.md (#3610)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/meeting-settings-in-teams.md

1. Create an image that's no more than 188 pixels wide by 30 pixels tall (it's quite small).
2. Save the image in JPG or PNG format.

> 3. Store the image in a location that everyone receiving the invitation can access, such as a public web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Store the image in a location that everyone receiving the invitation can access, such as a public website.
```
